README.md, before:

# rpg

## Game concepts

The game is time bound and takes place in the 1980's. Each new game starts at
the same date (see _time-util.js_). While the clock increments at a higher speed than
in actual life, to make things easier think of time related operations (such as _Effects_)
in _game time_, e.g. _how the character would experience it_ (e.g. _"this should last for two hours"_).
The unit used is the _millisecond_.

The game is also unique in that upon creation, the world is generated uniquely
to the game's hash. As such, no two games are the same. The generation is however
_deterministic_, as such loading a saved game restores the world as you left it.

## Game model

The game is written using Vue with Vuex.

All game's actors and properties are Object structures inside Vuex store states making
these reactive.

In order to create a new structure, a factory pattern is provided and every
game structure has its own factory (see _./src/model/factories/_). You should never
create your own Object structure but use a factory instead.

Operations on structures are done using the action modules (see _./src/model/actions/_).
A lot of structures specify their own getters as well as mutations (remember when changing values
of a Vuex state object that these should be called from a Vuex store mutation-method).

## Application source outline

 * _./assets/_ resources referenced by the application e.g. images, fonts and spritesheets
 * _./components/_ Vue components
 * _./config/_ generic configuration
 * _./definitions/_ enumerations for game specific actions
 * _./model/_ game actor factories and actions (e.g. game logic)
 * _./renderers/_ visualisers of game actors (either as zCanvas "sprites" or Vue components)
 * _./services/_ preloading / caching routines, etc.
 * _./store/_ Vuex store root and sub modules
 * _./styles/_ SASS stylesheets
 * _./utils/_ common helper methods

## Project setup
```
npm install
```

### Development

Create a local development server with hot module reload:

```
npm run dev
```

Creating a production build (build output will reside in _./dist/_-folder):

```
npm run build
```

Running unit tests:

```
npm run test
```
## TODO

rename enemies[]

Building should close in the morning!

Don't spawn/generate actionable object in empty tile surrounding by closed path

Make menu collapsable

Keep track of important dates (Christmas, New Year)

World must become lighter when morning comes

Rename World to Overground (see Factories and renderers)
Serialize Effects into saved game (subtract elapsed and set current value as start)

Time should be able to speed up (when sleeping for instance)

When drunk shuffle letters in sentences randomly =D

Maps should only show visited tiles

ShopFactory > shop items are available by player level, lower levels don't get higher items

Add a timer to GameModel that runs periodic updates:

 every now and then re-generate all enemies (if none is currently in the range of the player 20 tiles)
 if enemies share their new position with another enemy, halt movement

Commit message:

Fixed bug where changing floors within a building would throw an Error

README.md, after:

# rpg

## Game concepts

The game is time bound and takes place in the 1980's. Each new game starts at
the same date (see _time-util.js_). While the clock increments at a higher speed than
in actual life, to make things easier think of time related operations (such as _Effects_)
in _game time_, e.g. _how the character would experience it_ (e.g. _"this should last for two hours"_).
The unit used is the _millisecond_.

The game is also unique in that upon creation, the world is generated uniquely
to the game's hash. As such, no two games are the same. The generation is however
_deterministic_, as such loading a saved game restores the world as you left it.

## Game model

The game is written using Vue with Vuex.

All game's actors and properties are Object structures inside Vuex store states making
these reactive.

In order to create a new structure, a factory pattern is provided and every
game structure has its own factory (see _./src/model/factories/_). You should never
create your own Object structure but use a factory instead.

Operations on structures are done using the action modules (see _./src/model/actions/_).
A lot of structures specify their own getters as well as mutations (remember when changing values
of a Vuex state object that these should be called from a Vuex store mutation-method).

## Application source outline

 * _./assets/_ resources referenced by the application e.g. images, fonts and spritesheets
 * _./components/_ Vue components
 * _./config/_ generic configuration
 * _./definitions/_ enumerations for game specific actions
 * _./model/_ game actor factories and actions (e.g. game logic)
 * _./renderers/_ visualisers of game actors (either as zCanvas "sprites" or Vue components)
 * _./services/_ preloading / caching routines, etc.
 * _./store/_ Vuex store root and sub modules
 * _./styles/_ SASS stylesheets
 * _./utils/_ common helper methods

## Project setup
```
npm install
```

### Development

Create a local development server with hot module reload:

```
npm run dev
```

Creating a production build (build output will reside in _./dist/_-folder):

```
npm run build
```

Running unit tests:

```
npm run test
```
## TODO

rename enemies[]

Buildings should close in the morning! unless you have a place to sleep

Don't spawn/generate actionable object in empty tile surrounding by closed path

Make menu collapsable

Keep track of important dates (Christmas, New Year)

World must become lighter when morning comes

Rename World to Overground (see Factories and renderers)
Serialize Effects into saved game (subtract elapsed and set current value as start)

Time should be able to speed up (when sleeping for instance)

When drunk shuffle letters in sentences randomly =D

Maps should only show visited tiles

ShopFactory > shop items are available by player level, lower levels don't get higher items

Add a timer to GameModel that runs periodic updates:

 every now and then re-generate all enemies (if none is currently in the range of the player 20 tiles)
 if enemies share their new position with another enemy, halt movement
